this is a nineteen fifty four desoto
four-door sedan it happens to be the
last year for the six-cylinder engine
for DeSoto there is the hood scoop there
the power master six that's what it is
and it also happens to be the first year
for power flight the two-speed automatic
transmission from Chrysler Corporation
and you'll see where the mechanism is
for the power flight in a minute
interior looks like it's been
reupholstered here it looks good
notice the vent windows there in the
back doors
and
the there you go there you see the
indicator for the power flights right
there on the steering column two-speed
automatic which was a lot better than
the previous semi-automatic transmission
they had now in the back here you see
very simple taillight assembly just the
red tail light and the backup lamp on
both sides lots of chrome on this even
the six-cylinder here the lowest priced
car in the field in the DeSoto group
free deluxe interior
shame that the hood isn't up so you
could see the engine there you see the
vent there right below the windshield
for the passenger compartment and a very
toothy grill there